NAME
       encode - encode video and/or speech files

SYNOPSIS
       encode [options...]

DESCRIPTION
       This demo uses the Codec Engine to encode data from peripheral device
       drivers to files. Video and speech files are supported. The files
       created will be encoded elementary streams of video or speech.

OPTIONS
       -v <video file>, --videofile <video file>
             Encodes video data to the given file. The file will be created if
             it doesn't exist, and truncated if it does exist. The demo
             detects which type of video file is supplied using the file
             extension. Supported video algorithms are MPEG4 (.mpeg4 extension)
             and H264 (.264 extension).

       -s <speech file>, --speechfile <speech file>
             Encodes speech data to the given file. The file will be created
             if it doesn't exist, and truncated if it does exist. The demo
             detects which type of speech file is supplied using the file
             extension. The only supported speech algorithm as of now is
             G.711 (.g711 extension).

       -b <bit rate>, --bitrate <bit rate>
             This option sets the bit rate with which the video will be
             encoded. Use a negative value for variable bit rate. Default is
             variable bit rate.

       -l, --linein
             This option makes the input device for sound recording be the
             'line in' as opposed to the 'mic in' default.(Currently not
             supported)

       -d, --deinterlace
             This option disables interlacing artifact removal on the captured
             frames using the resizer peripheral before encoding the frames.

       -k, --keyboard
             Enables the keyboard input mode which lets the user input
             commands using the keyboard in addition to the IR remote control
             interface. At the prompt type 'help' for a list of available
             commands.

       -t <seconds>, --time <seconds>
             The number of seconds to run the demo. Defaults to infinite
             time, which is equivalent to using a value of -1.

       -x, --svideo_input
             Enables capture input as s-video, if this option is not applied
             composite will be used.

       -o, --osd
             Enables the On Screen Display for data visualization. If this
             option is not passed, the data will be output to stdout instead.
             Note that if you use dvi or tv output, you will need a USB mouse
             powered by a USB hub connected to the EVM to navigate the UI.

       -O <display output>, --display_output
             Selects the video output to display, valid outputs are
             'lcd', 'dvi' or 'tv'. The 'tv' option means composite or s-video
             depending on EVM dip switch settings.

       -h, --help
             This will print the usage of the demo.

EXAMPLE USAGE
       General usage:
             ./encode -h

       Encode captured frames from s-video and store in file:
             ./encode -v test.mpeg4 -x

       De-interlace Encode captured frames and store in file:
             ./encode -v test.mpeg4 -d

       Resize Encode captured frames and store in file:
             ./encode -v test.mpeg4 -r 640x480

       De-interlace resize and Encode captured frames and store in file:
             ./encode -v test.mpeg4 -d -r 640x480

COPYRIGHT
       Copyright (c) Texas Instruments Incorporated 2010

       Use of this software is controlled by the terms and conditions found in
       the license agreement under which this software has been supplied or
       provided.

VERSION
       4.02

CHANGELOG
       3.01
             Qt interface with file selector replaced old GUI.
             Matrix Gui support added.
             Interface demo supprt removed.

       3.01 beta

             s-video in support is added
             Aligned with PSP 3.00.01.06
             Audio encode is supported. 
             De-interlacer support is added to capture.c file
             Speech encode is supported.(only g711 encoder)

       3.00
             Now supports OMAP3530

             Only D1 resolution is supported, so the '-r' parameter is
             disabled.

             Only PAL/NTSC video input and output is currently supported.
             User pointer buffer implementation has been added.
             A bit rate parameter was added (-b) to allow the user to change
             bit rate of the video being encoded.

             The demo now has a keyboard interface (-k) which lets
             you input the same commands as you would have input using the
             remote control in the past.

             A 'display' thread has been added to show the raw captured
             video being currently encoded on the display while it is being
             encoded.

             A 'writer' thread has been added to parallelize the filesystem
             I/O with the DSP algorithm processing.



SEE ALSO
       For documentation and release notes on the individual components see
       the html files in the host installation directory.
